OpenDDS lacks directions for creating a minimum working example (#3322)
objectcomputing/OpenDDS: README.md

## Support

For commercial support, please see https://opendds.org/support.html.

Questions concerning OpenDDS should be directed to [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/objectcomputing/OpenDDS/discussions) or the [mailing list](http://opendds.org/support.html).

If you wish to file a bug report:

1. [Fork](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/fork-a-repo) OpenDDS on GitHub.
2. Add a [minimum working example](#mwe) that demonstrates the problem.
3. Create a pull request.
4. Fill out the [PROBLEM-REPORT-FORM](PROBLEM-REPORT-FORM) and attach it to the pull request.

### <a id="mwe">How to make a minimum working example</a>

1. Create a directory `tests/DCPS/MyExample` (`MyExample` is a placeholder.)
2. Add the IDL, code, and configuration files for the example programs.  Be sure to exclude any proprietary information as the submitted example will be public.
3. Add an MPC file that builds the test programs.
4. Add a launcher script `run_test.pl`.  Be sure to document the options.  See `tests/DCPS/HelloWorld/run_test.pl` for inspiration.

> 5. Add a `README.rst` file that gives a high-level overview of the example and the problem that it illustrates.

Reviewer: Do we want them to add the test to a list file so it runs on the CI?

Author: I would say "yes" but only if it was fool-proof.  As is, you have to understand what goes in the list file and when you should use one list versus another.

Reviewer: We do sort of have documentation https://opendds.readthedocs.io/en/master/internal/running_tests.html#manual-configuration, but yea even if that was improved on, I agree it's still not straightforward. Also I guess that documentation is focused on running the tests and not putting the entry in the list file.

## Support

For commercial support, please see https://opendds.org/support.html.

> Questions concerning OpenDDS should be directed to [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/opendds) or the [mailing list](http://opendds.org/support.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Questions concerning OpenDDS should be directed to [GitHub Discussions](https://github.com/objectcomputing/OpenDDS/discussions) or the [mailing list](http://opendds.org/support.html).
```

If you wish to file a bug report:

> 1. Fork OpenDDS on GitHub.

Reviewer 2: Link to some documentation on github.com itself?

2. Add a [minimum working example](#mwe) that demonstrates the problem.
3. Create a pull request.
4. Fill out the [PROBLEM-REPORT-FORM](PROBLEM-REPORT-FORM) and attach it to the pull request.

### <a id="mwe">How to make a minimum working example</a>

1. Create a directory `tests/DCPS/MyExample` (`MyExample` is a placeholder.)

> 2. Add the IDL, code, and configuration files for the example programs.  Be sure to exclude any proprietary information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Add the IDL, code, and configuration files for the example programs.
```

Does it need to be stated that people submitting code to a public repository should be aware of what they're submitting?

Author: Yes.  I don't think it hurts anything.

3. Add an MPC file that builds the test programs.
4. Add a launcher script `run_test.pl`.  Be sure to document the options.  See `tests/DCPS/HelloWorld/run_test.pl` for inspiration.
5. Add a `README.rst` file that gives a high-level overview of the example and the problem that it illustrates.

It should be possible to build and run the example with

    $ source setenv.sh
    $ cd tests/DCPS/MyExample
    $ mwc.pl
    $ (Normal build process.)

>     $ ./run_test.pl

Reviewer 2: This is platform-specific

Author: A windows expert will need to chime in then.
